feat(genai): add content for Continue Dev documentation for GenAPIs (#4414)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/how-to/query-code-models.mdx

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A valid [API key](/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/) for API authentication
- Python 3.7+ installed on your system
- An IDE such as Visual Studio Code or JetBrains

### Querying code models with Scaleway's Generative APIs

> 1. Set Up the OpenAI Python SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the OpenAI Python SDK:
```

   - Install the SDK by running:
     ```bash
     pip install openai
     ```
   - Configure the SDK with your API key and Scaleway's API base URL:
     ```python
     from openai import OpenAI

     client = OpenAI(
         base_url="https://api.scaleway.ai/v1",
         api_key="###SCW_SECRET_KEY###"
     )
     ```

>      Replace `"###SCW_SECRET_KEY###"` with your actual API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Replace `"###SCW_SECRET_KEY###"` with your actual API secret key.
```

2. Make an API request:
   - To generate code or receive assistance, send a request to the chat completion endpoint:
     ```python
     completion = client.chat.completions.create(
         model="qwen2.5-coder-32b-instruct",
         messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Write a Python function to sort a list using quicksort."}],
         temperature=0.7,
         max_tokens=150
     )

     print(completion.choices[0].message.content)
     ```
     This will generate a Python function implementing the quicksort algorithm.

## Integrating Continue in VS Code and JetBrains IntelliJ

[Continue](https://www.continue.dev/) is an open-source code assistant that connects AI models to your IDE. It is available for Visual Studio Code (VS Code) and JetBrains IntelliJ:

* [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Continue.continue)
* [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/22707-continue)

### Installation of Continue

#### For Visual Studio Code

> 1. Open VS Code and navigate to the Extensions view (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).
> 2. Search for "Continue" and click `Install`.
> 3. The Continue icon will appear on the sidebar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open VS Code and navigate to the **Extensions** view (`Ctrl+Shift+X`).
2. Type `Continue` in the search bar and click **Install**.
3. The **Continue** icon should appear on the sidebar.
```

#### For JetBrains IntelliJ

1. Open your JetBrains IDE and go to `Settings` (`Ctrl+Alt+S`).
2. Select `Plugins` and search for "Continue" in the marketplace.
3. Click `Install`, and the Continue icon will appear on the toolbar.

### Configuration of Continue

> 1. Locate the Configuration File. The `config.json` file is typically found at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the configuration file. The `config.json` file is typically found at:
```

     - `~/.continue/config.json` on Linux/macOS
     - `%USERPROFILE%\.continue\config.json` on Windows

2. Configure Continue to use Scaleway's API:
   - Add the following configuration:
     ```json
     {
       "models": [
         {
           "model": "qwen2.5-coder-32b-instruct",
           "title": "Qwen2.5-coder",
           "provider": "scaleway",
           "apiKey": "###SCW_SECRET_KEY###"
         }
       ]
     }
     ```
     <Message type="tip">
       Read more about how to set up your `config.json` on the [official Continue documentation](https://docs.continue.dev/reference).
     </Message>
3. Restart your IDE after you have modified and saved the configuration file.

> 4. Open the Command Palette in VS Code by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd+Shift+P` (Mac) and type "Continue" to access the extension's features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Open the **Command Palette** in VS Code by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd+Shift+P` (Mac) and type `Continue` to access the extension's features.
```

<Message type="tip">

>   Refer our dedicated documentations for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refer our dedicated documentation for
```

>   Refer our dedicated documentation for
>   - [Integrating Continue Dev with Visual Studio Code](/generative-apis/reference-content/adding-ai-to-vscode-using-continue/)
>   - [Integrating Continue Dev with IntelliJ IDEA](/generative-apis/reference-content/adding-ai-to-intellij-using-continue/)
>   for detailed information how to integrate Continue in your favourite IDE.

Author: ```suggestion
  Refer to our dedicated documentation for detailed information on how to integrate Continue in your favourite IDE.
  - [Integrating Continue Dev with Visual Studio Code](/generative-apis/reference-content/adding-ai-to-vscode-using-continue/)
  - [Integrating Continue Dev with IntelliJ IDEA](/generative-apis/reference-content/adding-ai-to-intellij-using-continue/)
```

>   for detailed information how to integrate Continue in your favourite IDE.

Reviewer: Should this be on line 115?

</Message>

### Using Continue with your IDE
Continue can be used with VS Code to automate tasks, generate code, and enhance your coding experience. Here are some examples of how to use Continue with VS Code:

> * Code generation: Use the "Continue: Generate Code" command to generate boilerplate code, functions, or entire classes.
> * Code completion: Use the "Continue: Complete Code" command to complete partially written code.
> * Code refactoring: Use the "Continue: Refactor Code" command to refactor code and improve its readability and maintainability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Code generation: Use the "Continue: Generate Code" command to generate boilerplate code, functions, or entire classes.
* Code completion: Use the `Continue: Complete Code` command to complete partially written code.
* Code refactoring: Use the `Continue: Refactor Code` command to refactor code and improve its readability and maintainability.
```
